For Liftdom marketing: Attractive unique video, inside jokes, etc.
Look for where to post it, go viral. (XX song? Something awesome).

Lift Hard, Live Easy?

Sharing service/incentive service to increase reps or level

Build it up into something greater than it really is, even if it's legitimately great.
See smolov rogue app page

Create content early to make it look like it has users

On account create, open a direct message to me for messages?

Badges to earn? Plan more game-ifying.

TODO: Maybe make a dedicated algorithm tracking system in the database? algorithm.child(uid) sort of thing.
TODO: Also, check up on that pesky bug in the workout assistor.

Algorithm design:

Keep the original algorithm and applied exercises.

Then in algorithm.child(uid), keep a dynamic log of the exercises to increment.
We'd also somehow keep track of the time increments and shit

The three pillars of Liftdom:

Superior Core Workout Engine        Useful & Attractive Social Media        Fully Functional Forum

Well written articles
Senior Editor?

Get users to generate content - Remember, goal is for the company to run itself
User reps as incentive

Add picture, public comment after completing workout

Maybe have workout assistor also be on a slide layout?

grid view of past workouts and achievements in place of, say, insta pics

Be able to create/join groups (1 team leader, you ask for permission. Transfer permissions)

Workout Assitor overhaul:
Reactive stacked panel view: top is current set, bottom is list view of all the sets/exercises
Algorithm only advances on w/o completion. That way, the algorithm can be locally generated

Daily tips/motivation
"Spread the word!"
Make the whole app feel personalized and exciting and motivating

Checkbox for if you want the workout assistor shortcut in your top app panel/lock screen.

Add bottom navigation to eliminate constant need of nav-drawer.

Other than completed workouts, update feed with
    "looking for partners"
    "checking in @ gym in x minutes"
    "created new public template"